mary wrote Hebrews

i vs we

"obey YOUR leaders" why not us?
also leaders means spiritual leaders

"WE desire" apostles sure but also holy spirit & mary
"full assurance of faith" is literally grow up

"Abraham considered god could raise him from the dead"

Hebrews 4:1 "let us fear lest any of you be judged to have failed to reach it"

Hebrews 13:18 "pray for us for we are sure we have a clear conscience"

Hebrews 12 reads like a maternal exhortation

Hebrews 1 reads like dont draw back

Hebrews 6 reads like grow up and dont fall away

no woman can teach
but mary taught jesus the scriptures
where did he get these stories?

she taught Paul

Hebrews 6 and 10 strong wording not fall away

paul talks about birth and growth and rebirthing
seems like mary taught paul

why no introduction
- too hard to explain
- too hard to believe
- too distracting
- too scandalous

reverse curse litereary excellence

eastern churches assumed paul wrote it
they're lazy thinkers (later split as orthodox)
they probably just assumed it by the similarities

no genre

freely quote from scripture without citations
bc the people knew

knew old testament better than anyone
taught jesus
he preferred to learn everything the natural way
they already tried to accuse him of sorcery
if he didn't learn the natural way it would be PROOF

paul romans greet mary who has worked hard among you
its just THE mary, no surname, obviously mother of god
Hebrews says those who come from Italy send you greetings

author uses male verb
holy spirit co authored

council of trent says paul
BUT it would have been universally accepted
and the catholic encyc of 1912 wouldn't have debated

whats the benefit?
how to be a better mother (moral lesson)

how did it know enoch didn't die?
best explained by mary knowing sinlessness personally

Why was it one of Paul's students? Why not one of his teachers? Or someone with a common teacher?

Maybe God waited to reveal the author of Hebrews as Mary to make sure it was understood by someone who didn't have a radical feminist agenda, who would misuse this information to further the kingdom of the dragon.


when Hebrews 11 trails off into descriptions of saints,
it seems to be split in half by women received their dead by resurrection.
before this, it lists the heroic feats and rewards and help of the OT saints.
after this, it seems to list the martyrdoms of the apostles and NT saints.
not that the list isn't about OT saints, but it also seems true of NT saints.

